After a lot of work, we've now finally got this information about whether or not we are signed in inside
of our landing page.
The last thing we need to do is take a look at that current user prop.
If it is equal to null, we need to print out.
You are not signed in and if it is equal to, well, anything, some kind of object as an ID or email
inside of it, then we will print out.
You are signed in.
So let's flip back over and give this a shot.
Here's my landing page stuff.
So I'm going to delete everything that's inside there right now, and I'll put in just a very simple,
ternary expression.
So I'm going to return.
Current user.
If that thing is defined, I will show.
How about an h one?
That says you are signed in.
Otherwise an H1.
That says you are not signed in.
And actually we could probably just return a simple h one and then use the ternary expression inside.
But I'll leave that up to you.
So I'm going to save that bullet back over.
And I will see that I am, in fact, signed in.
Cool.
Now, if you want to test this out with us being signed out, well, we don't really have the ability
to sign out of our application yet, but we can manually tell our application to sign ourselves out.
Let me show you what I mean.
Inside of my chrome developer console.
I'm going to open up the very last little tab over here and find the one marked application.
Inside of here.
I'm going to find on the left hand nav cookies.
I should be able to expand cookies like so.
Select this domain and it will show the cookie that is set for this domain.
So I can select that and then clear all.
And now we should not have any cookie tied to ticketing dev.
So if I now attempt to refresh, I will see you are not signed in.
Well, let's say this is looking like it's working out pretty well.
Okay, well, that's pretty much it for handling this kind of login page or the main landing page.
We still have to take care of the header and the sign in page as well.
So still a little bit of work left.
Quick pause right here and we'll continue in just a moment.